report.txt for Lab 8
J. Patrick Lacher

From the user's perspective, the program opens a X11 window and animates a carnival ride. A blue rail moves vertically up and down
the screen, with a red circle sliding horizontally across it. A second, purple rail rotates radially about the center of the red 
circle. A green box containing the "rider" rotates with the purple rail, at the same time sliding up and down its length.

From a coding perspective, each color can be thought of as representing a different sub-function. First, the blue line is drawn,
with its y-position being incremented by 5 pixels every iteration, changing direction when it reaches certain bounds. The line
also calls the function for the red circle, which renders the circle using the line's y-position and an x-position that moves
from one end of the line to the other, changing direction when the center of the circle comes within 20 pixels of the end of the
line. The circle then calls the function for the purple rotating arm, which is anchored at the mobile center of the circle and
rotates radially around it with a speed of pi/20, determining the points of the other end of the line using polar coordinates,
as well as calling the function for the green box. The center of the box is anchored on the purple line, but its relative position
is determined by changing the length along the line at which it is rendered by multiplying the coordinates by an oscilating
decimal. Finally, the box calls a function that draws a stick figure to represent the "rider", which is drawn relative to the
center of the box. The top function (the blue line) is suspended in a while loop that ends when the user presses the "q" key.

Since this is a program solely for rendering/animating a series of graphics, its correctness can be evaluated by simply examining
the fully-rendered animation and comparing it to what was intended (making sure the animation is smooth, every object is properly
anchored, etc.). The only other test was to make sure that the program ends when "q" is pressed, which it does.